For this lab you will be writing 3 functions to complete this program. The program should request the two sides of a square from the user, followed by 
requesting a symbol/character from the user. Then the program should print a square using the symbol/character the user picked and print the number of 
characters that were drawn. Here is some sample output to show how the program should work:


Please enter a side length between 1 and 10 (inclusive): 12
The side must be between 1 and 10.
Please try again: 6
Thank you.

Please enter a side length between 1 and 10 (inclusive): -5
The side must be between 1 and 10.
Please try again: 3
Thank you.

Please enter a character: M
MMMMMM
MMMMMM
MMMMMM
18 characters were printed.

Note that the program checks for illegal inputs by the user (any character is fine).

To complete the lab make the following modifications:

    Do not change any of the existing code.
    Add exactly three function definitions to the end of the code.
    The prototypes of the three functions are already given in the code. They are:

        int get_side() This function requests a number from the user, including making sure the number is between 1 and 10 (inclusive). It then returns the 
        entered number.

        char get_symbol() This function asks for a symbol/character from the user and returns it.

        int print_rectangle(int,int,char) This function has to be passed two integers and a character as arguments. It then prints a rectangle using the 
        given character (This will probably require two nested for loops, a good place to start is just printing one row of characters. Once that works make 
        it print multiple rows.) Finally the function should return the number of characters it printed.

    Make sure that the user prompts are the same as in the sample output given above.
    Recommendation: begin by putting in "stub" definitions for all three functions so that you can compile and run the program. Once that
    works begin filling in the details of the functions so that they work correctly.

Turn in: The .cpp file of your program and screenshots showing your program's output.  Make sure that the output shows what happens if the user enters illegal side lengths.


