For this assignment you will be creating a simple text based adventure game. Each "room" in the adventure should be represented by it's own function.
 (A "room" just represents a particular area, not necessarily a literal room.) In each room players are given an option/menu of which room to move to next.
  Include a loop to make sure the player enters a valid choice.

A very simple example of play is:
You are in a dark room. You can go 1) North 2) West
[player enters a 1 or a 2]
You are in a green room. You can go 1) South 2) East
[player enters a 1 or a 2] presumably a 2 for East takes them back to the dark room, but maybe your map is non-Euclidean.

Requirements:

    Each "room" should have its own number in the code. So, the code can refer to rooms by their number. Each room function should 
    print some text describing the room and have some options for where the player can go next. You may also include some options for
    what the player can do in that room. You should have at least four rooms.

    Each "room" should return an integer value representing the room the player is in or moving to. For example, if the player is in room 3 and chooses
    to go north, which takes them to room 6, the function for room 3 should return a 6 - the new room the player is moving to. If the player doesn't move
    the room function should return its own number.

    The main() function should have a switch statement that selects which room function to call next.
    At least two of the "room" functions should include a static variable that keeps track of whether the room has been entered before. And something 
    different should happen the first time the room is entered. For example, the first time (and only the first time) that the room is entered the player
     should get an object.

    There should be at least one (global) "score" variable, such as amount of gold collected, number of butterflies rescued, number of clues found, number of 
    lives lost, amount of health remaining, etc.. This variable should change as the player moves between rooms. There should be a separate function that 
    prints the value of the variable for the player. That is, it should print something like:
    Oxygen Remaining: 120

    for any room the character enters.
    Remember to put a comment at the beginning of the code with your name, section number, assignment number, etc.
              
cout << "             0 \n"
cout << "             | \n"
cout << "0-----0------0 \n"
cout << "      |\n"
cout << "      0\n"

